Hajji in this chapter we are going to talk about feedforward now and that for us we have been talking
about the basic concept as far as our networks are concerned and we have been talking about Hopp fields
networks and we have came to the conclusion that there are several problems concerning Copperfield's
networks and it's not going to be that fine for classifying a dataset or for example facial recognition
optical correcter recognition and so on.
This is why feedforward in that first half came to be.
So what about the topology for feedforward.
Now all networks we have been talking about that we have an input layer we have for example one or more
hidden layers and we have an output layer and one of the main features for feet for working out our
networks is that the directed edge is pointing from a given layer to another.
And as you can see there is no directed edge back to the earth in the sense that for example from the
hidden layer in the direction of the input layer or from the output layer in the direction of the hidden
layer has the name feedforward we keep pointing edges from the input layer to the next layer and from
the hidden layer to the output layer.
So the information is going from this direction so from the direction of the input layer to over's the
output layer.
So let's see a little illustration.
We have just an input layer with a single output layer and in the input layer there are two now roans
in the output layer.
There is just a single now wrong.
So there is no hidden layer as you can see this illustration has no hidden layer at all.
So let's suppose the fact that OK it is a feat for over an hour on network.
So we have directed edges pointing from the input layer to the output layer.
And of course every node has a stretch called T as we have discussed that if the incoming cyano is greater
than the threshold then now Warrenville failure Anyways it's not going to fire.
So let's suppose the situation that we would like to learn the and logical relation.
So we have to input.
Now roans and when they are both zeros the output will be zero when the first one is zero the second
the input is one the output is zero.
The first input is 1.
The second the input is zero the output is zero.
And if both the inputs are 1 then the output will be warm.
OK let's suppose the fact that we have for example death's threshold for this output.
Now Ron is equal to 2.
What is it to mean that if the incoming sign from the previously or so from the input layer is greater
than the threshold then than now we don't know we will fire.
What does it mean that for example the output will be warm.
Even the incoming sign is smaller than the threshold that nothing happens.
We are going to represent the situation with the zero.
So to summarize again if the incoming sign is greater than the threshold the output will be 1 in this
output.
Now we're on.
Anyways it's going to be zero.
So we have the first educate 1.5.
We have the second that you wait it is equal again 1.5.
And for example if the imports the first input is zero and the second the input is 0 then the result
should be zero.
Why this is how this logical relation behaves as you can see if the first input is zero.
Second the input is zero.
The result should be zero.
So let's see if the first is zero.
The second is 0 then the incoming sign on to the output node from x and y is going to be well over there.
Now we're on TIME's the adulate.
This is Houde percept from modal verbs.
We have to move the Apply the nowon state multiply by the adulate so Axwell you times double you on
plus Y Well you Times W2.
But as you may guess zero times 1.5 is 0 0 times 1.5 is 0 0 0 0.
So if the incoming Sinulog is greater than the threshold which is to then our own will fire.
But of course the incoming cycle is zero and zero is not greater than two.
So in this case the output will be zero which is fine because this is how the and logical relation behaves.
If both of the inputs are zero the result should be zero.
OK what about if for example the first import is on the second day in booty's zero Dandie and logical
relation should be zero again.
So one 1 times 1.5 plus 0 times 1.5 is equal to 1.5.
The threshold is two.
So the incoming sign is smaller then two.
So the result is again will be zero.
What if we do like this is 0 and 1 again is going to be 1.5.
It's smaller than the threshold.
So the result will be zero.
What if all of the imports Ottawa in one times 1.5 plus one times 1.5.
This is how we calculate the incoming sign because it does Snoad has a connection with this.
Now we're on and this now we're on.
So we have to sum up the incoming signers of this activation times the educate deactivation times the
adulate So one times 1.5 Blas The other activation times the W2 educate which is 1 times 1.5 again it's
equal to 3 3 is greater than the threshold for the output.
Now we're on.
So the result is going to be on.
And basically this is what we are after.
We want to make sure that if the inputs are 0 0 0 the output is 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 and if both of the inputs
are one Dandie and logical relation should yield the warm.
And that's what's happening here.
So basically it was the conclusion that okay we chose DS actuates not at random.
I chose these adulated because I know that if we choose the weights like this then it's going to be
the logical relation and it's going to work fine but usually we'll be initialized the educates at random
and maybe we are not going to end up with the logical relation.
Sometimes when the inputs are 1 and 1 then the output can be zero.
If we initialize the adulate at random for example let's suppose the fact that we initialize both of
the agitates to be zero.
Then of course no matter what the input the output will be to zero.
And this is not the logical relation.
So this is what we have been discussing.
And the first chapter that we initialize the educates at random and we have to train on our own network
by changing the edge weights until we come to a situation where for the given inputs we get the right
output.
This is the basic of super wide learning algorithms.
So the last question is OK how we will be able to train or our own network how we will be able to decide
that what's going to be the good educate.
And of course we have to change the actuates and there are two options back propagation and gradient
descent.
OK back propagation is a form of gradient descent but this is what we are going to talk about in the
coming videos.
Thanks for watching.